Update the XR documentation (#5480)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/vr/oculus_mobile/developing_for_oculus_quest.rst

Setting Up Your Quest
---------------------

Follow `these instructions <https://developer.oculus.com/documentation/native/android/mobile-device-setup/>`__ to 
setup your device for development. 

> Once your device is setup and connected, hit the little Android button that should be visible in the top right
> hand side of your Godot window. It should build your game and export it to the connected device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once your device is set up and connected, click the **Android logo** that should be visible in the top-right corner of the Godot editor.
When clicked, it exports your project and runs it on the connected device.
```
